---
title: "Release notes: January 25, 2016"
date: "2016-01-25"
tags:
    - "release notes"
---

#### Portal  
+ Resolved an issue where internal technical support updates were being sent in the customer facing section of tickets.
+ Fixed an issue with Advanced Monitoring alert emails not being sent to customers.
+ When the option to order a 'Dedicated Firewall (Dedicated) Option' is selected, 'Bare Metal Server Firewall Option' is now deselected to prevent the order form from producing the error when continuing to checkout. Conversely, if a 'Bare Metal Server Firewall Option' is selected, the 'Dedicated Firewall (Dedicated) Option' will be deselected.
+ Expired quotes that contain products from specific packages: 56, 126, 142, 143, 146, 147, 148, 158, 234. The status of the quote will be updated to DELETED.

#### API
+ Exposed secureTransportCiphers and secureTransportCipherCount as Data Types for [SoftLayer_Network_Application_Delivery_Controller_LoadBalancer_VirtualIpAddress](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Network_Application_Delivery_Controller_LoadBalancer_VirtualIpAddress).
+ Exposed [getAvailableSecureTransportCiphers](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/services/SoftLayer_Network_Application_Delivery_Controller_LoadBalancer_VirtualIpAddres-15) which yields a list of the SSL/TLS encryption ciphers that are currently supported on a virtual IP address instance.
+ The API now allows for customer configuration of SSL ciphers to be used on a Load Balancer via [SoftLayer_Network_Application_Delivery_Controller_LoadBalancer_VirtualIpAddress::editObject()](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/services/SoftLayer_Network_Application_Delivery_Controller_LoadBalancer_VirtualIpAddress/e)

#### Backend
+ Made a change to allow customers to have multiple abuse email contacts.
+ Resolved an issue in which a subnet may be incorrectly reclaimed when only management interfaces are utilizing addresses.
