---
title: "Release notes: January 14, 2019"
date: "2019-01-14"
tags:
    - "release notes"
---

#<span style="color:red"> Upcoming Changes</span>
On January 14, 2019 the following API methods will have their behavior changed  
- [/services/SoftLayer_Hardware_Server/setPrivateNetworkInterfaceSpeed](setPrivateNetworkInterfaceSpeed) 
- [/reference/services/SoftLayer_Hardware_Server/setPublicNetworkInterfaceSpeed](setPublicNetworkInterfaceSpeed) 
- [/reference/services/SoftLayer_Hardware_Server/shutdownPrivatePort](shutdownPrivatePort) 
- [/reference/services/SoftLayer_Hardware_Server/shutdownPublicPort](shutdownPublicPort) 
- [/reference/services/SoftLayer_Hardware_Server/activatePublicPort](activatePublicPort) 
- [/reference/services/SoftLayer_Hardware_Server/activatePrivatePort](activatePrivatePort)

*The same methods in [/reference/services/SoftLayer_Hardware_SecurityModule](SoftLayer_Hardware_SecurityModule) will also be effected. However [/reference/services/SoftLayer_Virtual_Guest](SoftLayer_Virtual_Guest) will **NOT** be effected*


*NOTE* Currently the documentation for those methods lists the date of change as "August 27th, 2018", which is incorrect, and will be changed soon.


## What is changing?

### setPublicNetworkInterfaceSpeed and setPrivateNetworkInterfaceSpeed
  - 2x speed values such as 200 and 2000, used to represent dual port activation, will be deprecated. Sending these values will operate for the time being, but it is advised to transition to the new parameters. See SLDN documentation for more details.
  - Attempting to change the public interface speed on a private interface only server will result in an error
  - Consecutive requests will result in a 'busy' response until any previous change operation is complete, and when complete, the response will change to indicate there was 'no change'.

On Jan 14, these methods will have a new parameter "redundancy", which can be either `redundant` or `degraded`, but defaults to `redundant`.

>   N = a valid speed, 0, 10, 100, 1000, 10000

   1. set*NetworkInterfaceSpeed(N)               - Enable all ports at N Mbps
   2. set*NetworkInterfaceSpeed(0)               - Disable all ports
   3. set*NetworkInterfaceSpeed(-1)              - Enable all ports to maximum speed
   4. set*NetworkInterfaceSpeed(N, 'redundant')  - Same as #1
   5. set*NetworkInterfaceSpeed(0, 'redundant')  - Same as #2
   6. set*NetworkInterfaceSpeed(-1, 'redundant') - Same as #3
   7. set*NetworkInterfaceSpeed(N, 'degraded')   - Only enable the primary port at N Mbps, disabling secondary ports
   8. set*NetworkInterfaceSpeed(0, 'degraded')   - Same as #2
   9. set*NetworkInterfaceSpeed(-1, 'degraded')  - Only enable the primary port at maximum speed, disabling secondary ports

### activatePublicPort, activatePrivatePort, shutdownPublicPort, and shutdownPrivatePort
  - The "Manage Port Control" permission is now required to execute these operations.
  - These calls will no longer be blocking. The completion of the request will not confirm the operation is complete.
  - The operations are aliases to setPublicNetworkInterfaceSpeed and setPrivateNetworkInterfaceSpeed. A speed of zero (0) performs a shutdown. A speed of negative one (-1) performs an activation at maximum speed.
