---
title: "Release notes: March 8, 2019"
date: "2019-03-08"
tags:
    - "release notes"
---

#### Portal
- Added some missing translations for the checkout page

#### API
- Cleanup SoftLayer_User_Permission_Resource when there are no groups referencing it.
- Refactored SoftLayer_Network_Storage_Hub_Swift_Metrics::getSummaryData to use improved data source.
- Deprecate the allowedPptpVpnQuantity property on the Account.class
- Deprecate the pptpVpnAllowedFlag on the Customer.class
- Update implementation of getAllObjects() on SoftLayer_User_Customer_Status
- Fix User_Customer_Status and Locale_Timezone SLDN exposed getAllObjects to return properly if request is REST
- Soap response restructuring - When the API fetches no results for virtual guest the soap response should not send empty collection

#### Backend
- Fix issue delaying provisioning of HSM offerings.
- Don't overwrite master user IP address restriction when completing IBMid linking.
- Direct Link: Restrict local-only routing tenants to local markets.
- Finalize deprecation of subnet item specification during VLAN ordering. VLAN orders with a subnet item specified will begin emitting an error; the compatibility period is over.
- Fix major bug regarding image template transactions
- Correct price validation on OS reloads with multiple prices in the same category
- Magnetic storage replicant provisions currently fail in production from trying to choose flash drives instead. This issue implements logic to re-include magnetic aggregates.

#### Catalog
- Allows ordering of Bare Metal Reserved servers. ( Package 837, Preset 984 )
- Provide support for hourly pricing of SAP certified infrastructure
- Pricing Update: 7.68TB SATA SSDs
- Preset 985 vCS Digital Play 6.7 in the 1075 package
- Add hourly billing to the following presets in package 1075. Presets 931, 933, 935, 937, 939.
- Default category for the M.2 Drive needs to be changed to something other than disk0 (First Hard Drive) as it inhibits the assignment for up to 12 storage bays.
- Replicate preset 929 in package 1075 and change the VMware OS from 6.5u1 to 6.7u1 in the new preset.
- Hourly pricing for HSM
- Rename VMware Server Virtualization 6.7 & add Price IDs to existing packages
- New Packages Details

    | Package ID |Package Type | Package Name |
    | --- | --- | ---|
    |1105 | 1U / 2 Socket | Dual Intel Xeon Processor Cascade Lake Scalable Family (4 Drives) |
    |1107 | 2U / 2 Socket |Dual Intel Xeon Processor Cascade Lake Scalable Family (12 Drives) |


- New Presets: 

    |ID |Description | Key Name |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    |533 | DGold 6140 384GB 4X960GB SSD SED RAID 10 | DGOLD_6140_384GB_4X960GB_SSD_SED_RAID_10 |
    |785 | DSilver 4110 96GB 1X960GB SSD SED NoRAID | DSILVER_4110_96GB_1X960GB_SSD_SED_NORAID