---
title: "Release notes: December 11, 2017"
date: "2017-12-11"
tags:
    - "release notes"
---

#### Portal
+ Adds warning messages to that will pop to alert EU only processing users that they are selecting a data center or package that it not EU compliant.
+ This change will add a checkbox on the WWW order from checkout page that allows customers to opt-in to EU localized support. For a customer that opts-in, any servers they have in an EU datacenter will only be serviced by technicians also in the EU.
+ Removes the VSI section from the Server Listings page (of the Control Portal).

#### API
+ Update the "refreshAuthentication" method to accept the POST request with the basic authentication.
+ Added EU compliant field to datacenters, ORM flag and enable/disable methods for EU Support on the account. Currently in the EU AMS01, AMS03, FRA02, LON02, MIL01, OSL01, PAR01
+ An exception will be thrown if a customer tries to place a BYOL order for Windows on that is not for a dedicated host instance.
+ Fixed a bug with removeHardwareAccess not properly removing a user if their premission had been grandted with grantHardwareAccess(id=0)


#### Backend
+ Adding EU compliance support to Ticket system
+ Removed all code referencing NETWORK_MESSAGE_QUEUE. The Message Queue product is now EOL.
+ Made changes so that the order indexes and names/slots of the hard-drives being swapped in get the same order indexes and names of the swapped-out hard drives.
+ Prevent accounts with BAP tier 1 support from enrolling in EU support.
+ Remove the use of PPTP VPN from EU flagged accounts
+ Prevent setting EU security level for accounts with PPTP usage
+ Enable Security Groups in the AMS01, SEO01, SJC01 and SJC03 data centers.