---
title: "Release notes: Febuary 7, 2018"
date: "2018-02-07"
tags:
    - "release notes"
---

#### Portal
+ Allow customers to suppress order emails

#### API
+ Exception message should mention '.. to change a user link' instead of 'to edit a user' when resetOpenIdConnectLink is called
+ Exception message should mention 'Access Denied. Only the Master user..' instead of 'Account 1234 is authenticated by IBMid...' when resetOpenIdConnectLink is called for subuser
+ Validator added for bare metal servers orders that use the userData field, the allowed length is 2000 characters.
+ Update getCreateObjectOptions to return Spot options
+ Child user is now unable to delete his/her own Phone Factor authentication using the APIs
+ A bootMode property is added to the SoftLayer_Container_Product_Order_Virtual_Guest class to allow customers to specify the mode the VSI should be booted in. A bootMode property is also added to SoftLayer_Virtual_Guest_SupplementalCreateObjectOptions so that the boot mode can be specified during when calling SoftLayer_Virtual_Guest::createObject. The data will be verified and the customer informed if they have submitted an invalid boot mode.
+ Added the ability to getAllObjects on SoftLayer_Network_Storage_Allowed_Host using objectFilters and objectMask

#### Backend
+ Fixed an issue where fixed configuration preset orders are verified but the preset is not entirely available yet provides more information about why it is failing to verify the order.
+ Enable the Security Group feature in Dal01, Lon06, and Sea01.
+ Support new VSI type called Spot
+ Improve the audit log functionality of security groups.
+ Modified provisioning to use boot mode provided by customer.
+ When downgrading the CPU on a Guest with a Dedicated Host, the Guest Type is no longer overwritten as Public Guest
+ Fix Storage As A Service orders validation which was previously accepting orders that did not conform to product business rules
+ Fix bug that would delay the completion of an hourly volume reclaim process because it would create an unnecessary process instance.
+ Adds complex password support for EVault. New passwords will be 12 characters long and contain special characters