---
title: "Release notes: March 15, 2018"
date: "2018-03-15"
tags:
    - "release notes"
---


#### Portal
+ Adds the Hardware Security Module(HSM) to the manage order form. Adds a Learn More link to the sub-section header for HSM.
+ Improve order forms rendering speed

#### API
+ Added [SoftLayer_Network_Interconnect_Tenant::getAllPortLabelsWithCurrentUseage](https://softlayer.github.io/reference/services/SoftLayer_Network_Interconnect_Tenant/getAllPortLabelsWithCurrentUsage/)
+ Adds SERIAL_NUMBER property to SoftLayer_Network_Storage_Iscsi volumes which can be used as an objectFilter 
+ Provide API to retrieve load balancer monitoring metrics and ssl ciphers
    * [Network_LBaaS_LoadBalancerMonitoringMetricDataPoint](https://softlayer.github.io/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Network_LBaaS_LoadBalancerMonitoringMetricDataPoint/)
    * [Network_LBaaS_LoadBalancer::getListenerTimeSeriesData](https://softlayer.github.io/reference/services/SoftLayer_Network_LBaaS_LoadBalancer/getListenerTimeSeriesData)
    * [Network_LBaaS_LoadBalancer::getSslCiphers](https://softlayer.github.io/reference/services/SoftLayer_Network_LBaaS_LoadBalancer/getSslCiphers/)
    * [Network_LBaaS_LoadBalancer::updateSslCiphers](https://softlayer.github.io/reference/services/SoftLayer_Network_LBaaS_LoadBalancer/updateSslCiphers/)

#### Backend
+ Added HSM 750 compatibility to provisioning workflow
+ Blocks monthly suspend-able virtual server orders. If the useHourlyPricing flag is not set or is false an error should be thrown
+ Blocked image templates from being pushed to cache more then once in a set period of time.
+ Logging Two Factor authentication failures
+ Added eventLog calls for the creation and deletion of external bindings.
+ Enable the Security Group feature in DAL09, WDC04
+ Fix issues when ordering from an image template for a virtual server.
+ Prevent the release of IP address reservation when in use by a gateway device.
+ Prevent users from attaching security groups to network components on VSIs that have active transactions running against them.
