---
title: "Release notes: March 31, 2018"
date: "2018-03-31"
tags:
    - "release notes"
---


#### Portal
- Added feature to notify customers about host outages to the Virtual/viewMemberDetails/ page
- Removes Provision Scripts and User Data sections from the CHECKOUT page when ordering HSM devices.


#### API
- Fixed [SoftLayer_Scale_Group's editObject](https://softlayer.github.io/reference/services/SoftLayer_Scale_Group/editObject/) method to automatically scale the group up or down appropriately when the desiredMemberCount parameter is specified
- Fixes an issue that prevented the 'IOPS' ORM value from being updated for performance replicas.
- Added [SoftLayer_Virtual_Disk_Image::getAvailableBootModes()](https://softlayer.github.io/reference/services/SoftLayer_Virtual_Disk_Image/getAvailableBootModes/) Method
- Expose [Account::securityLevel](https://softlayer.github.io/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Account/#securityLevel)
- Round up the Load Balancer as a Service telemetry monitoring metrics value to 3 decimal points.
- Update SLDN reference documentation to clarify setting ICMP type and code on a Security Group Rule.
- Disable Security Group Rule setting of ICMP type 255

#### Backend
- Fixed a issue in which VLAN ordering would occasionally not honor the requested primary subnet size
- Fixed bandwidth overage notification empty ticket updates
- Refactored guest migration pre-checks and added a check to ensure the destination host is different from the source.
- Fixes an intermittent issue preventing iSCSI authorizations when credentials already exist.
- Refactored the script that checks for mixed-public/private VSIs on dedicated hosts and changed the behavior to not send emails when none are found.
- Fix an issue ordering IPv6 subnets on public VLANs under certain circumstances.

#### SLCLI
https://github.com/softlayer/softlayer-python/releases/tag/v5.4.3