---
title: "Release notes: January 22, 2018"
date: "2018-01-22"
tags:
    - "release notes"
---

#### Portal
+ Fixes bug when checking for available vGPU resources.
+ Update favicon on IBM cloud template
+ Fixed an informative popup to properly display entire username when deleting or disabling a user with a long username

#### API
+ SoftLayer_Network_Storage::getAllowableDatacenters() performance improvements
+ Added a SUPPORTED_BOOT_MODE attribute to the SoftLayer_Virtual_Disk_Image_Attribute_Type class to hold what boot modes the image can support. 
+ Update SLDN doc for Virtual_Guest.createObject to add Security Group parameters
+ Replace checking for parentId with isMasterUser flag for add/remove device access
+ Added quantity validation on StaaS orders. SoftLayer_Container_Product_Order_Network_Storage_AsAService can only be ordered one at a time. If quantity is greater than 1, an exception will now be thrown. Before the order was just placed as quantity 1.
+ Remove the default SEV4 setting on all tickets created  and require employees to set the ticket severity on the first update
+ Parent user who doesn't have the VPN_MANAGE permission should be able to disable or delete the child user.
+ Generic message is displayed when sub-user is trying to add External Binding for a child user. This has been changed to a message to indicate only the Master User can add external bindings

#### Backend
+ Improve sanity checks and error messages when a user's email field is changed after sending an IBMid invitation
+ Remove weak SSL ciphers from LBaaS supported cipher list. Specifically
    1. DHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384
    2. DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA256
    3. DHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256
    4. DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256
+ Fixes an issue where extraneous SoftLayer_Network_Storage::activeTransactions could be present on a volume which actually has no active transactions running.
+ Block Live Migrations for GPU Guests
+ Enable Order Support for External Resources
+ "Insufficient Resources" error has been changed to "Insufficient Capacity". 