---
title: "Release notes: July 7, 2018"
date: "2018-07-13"
tags:
    - "release notes"
---

#### Portal
+ Update ReCAPTCHA to version 2
+ Added functionality for legacy, non-email formatted IBMids to be persisted during account creation.
+ Customer created tickets that have managed hardware should route to the managed services queue.
+ Improve order form load time for uncached packages
+ Fix issue where states for countries that are not US or Canada were failing on SSL certificate orders.
+ Data centers should now be shown for bare metal servers in all portals
+ Multiple usability updates for order forms

#### API
+ Fixed a bug that was causing customer power strip power cycle API calls to fail.
+ Fixing a bug where the firewall validator was not checking for existing firewalls on hardware servers correctly.
+ This affects the APIs allowAccessFromHost and allowAccessFromHostList for Block volumes. While these two API have been returning SoftLayer_Network_Storage_Allowed_Host[], the "assignedVolumes" element ( type SoftLayer_Network_Storage_Iscsi_NetApp) did not contain an updated lunId. (The lunId can now be updated internally whenever there is a clash with another volume's lunId) 
+ Provided SLDN Documentation for SoftLayer_Virtual_Disk_Image::getAvailableBootModes()
+ Move Vyatta, Brocade, and ATT Software Descriptions out from GPL class path.
+ Restrict customers from accessing terminated account licenses.
+ When the parent user does not have HARDWARE_VIEW permission, the child users should NOT be able to access to the hardware. So does the DH, and VSI.

#### Backend
+ Add support for M.2 SATA drives.
+ Corrected phone assignment during BluePages lookup
+ Added validation for boot mode and supported boot modes when set by createFromExternalSource